README.md, before:

--------------------------------------------------
|         PSone Memory Manager (Android)         |
------------------------------------------------------------------
|         By: TopherLee513 and David-Lee Kulsch                  |
|      http://github.com/TopherLee513/PSone-Memory-Manager       |
|      eMail: topher.lee.13@gmail.com                            |
|      https://github.com/The1andONLYdave/PSone-Memory-Manager   |
|      based on work by neko68k                                  |
|      (http://github.com/neko68k/PSX-MC-Manager)                |
------------------------------------------------------------------
|         License: GPLv3 (GNU_GPLv3.txt)      |
-----------------------------------------------

Desription: This app allows you to create/edit/convert memory card files for use with PlayStation emulators on Android OS.

Disclaimer: The authors of this app are not responsible for any damage to your device or save files. This code is a work in progress so USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.

German Translation and more by: David-Lee Kulsch (The1andONLYdave)
Checkout his Github @: https://github.com/The1andONLYdave

I hope to add things like:
An about page to see the README while in-app
Google Play Link to RetroArch (Recommended Emulator)

Changelog:
(09.09.2014)
-Ver 1.4
-Incorporated more code by David-Lee Kulsch
-(Feedback eMail, Toggle Background, etc)

(09.06.2014)
-Ver 1.2
-Implemented "Press Back Again to Exit" method... (Fix by David-Lee, must merge)

(09.03.2014)
-Ver 1.1.4
-Implemented "Press Back Again to Exit" method... (Doesn't work)
-Minor tweaks

(08.28.2014)
-Ver 1.1.3
-Add/Edit strings

(08.23.2014)
-Ver 1.1.2
-Added ActionBar instead of menu

(08.22.2014)
-Ver 1.1
-Added Spanish Translation (Using Google Translate,  so it might not be accurate)
-Updated minSDK version to 11 (Honeycomb) just to play around with the UI.
-Added permission INTERNET to try to incorporate cloud saves.
-Added a resized background for each resolution.

(08.14.2014)
-did a bit more work to strings.xml and incorporated the strings into java.
-changed icon and added background from Wikimedia Commons (I think that may help to avoid any copyright infringements).
-added colors.xml and began coloring shit.

(08.1.2014)
-Started from fresh fork
-added raw/blank_card
-added this README and GNU_GPLv3
-Edited strings.xml

Commit message:

Fix Background Toggle Minor Tweaks

README.md, after:

--------------------------------------------------
|         PSone Memory Manager (Android)         |
------------------------------------------------------------------
|         By: TopherLee513 and David-Lee Kulsch                  |
|      http://github.com/TopherLee513/PSone-Memory-Manager       |
|      eMail: topher.lee.13@gmail.com                            |
------------------------------------------------------------------
|         License: GPLv3 (GNU_GPLv3.txt)      |
-----------------------------------------------

Desription: This app allows you to create/edit/convert memory card files for use with PlayStation emulators on Android OS.

Disclaimer: The authors of this app are not responsible for any damage to your device or save files. This code is a work in progress so USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.

German Translation and more by: David-Lee Kulsch (The1andONLYdave)
Checkout his Github @: https://github.com/The1andONLYdave

I hope to add things like:
An about page to see the README while in-app
Google Play Link to RetroArch (Recommended Emulator)
Move Background Toggle into settings (WIP)
I'd also like to try to implement saving/syncing cards with Google Drive

Changelog:
(09.11.2014)
-Ver 1.4.1
-Incorporated Google Play Link to RetroArch (David-Lee Kulsch)
-Added RetroArch icon to link
-Changed "mail" strings and ID to simply "feedback"
-Finally merged German strings.xml (manually)
-More work on strings.xml

(09.09.2014)
-Ver 1.4
-Incorporated more code by David-Lee Kulsch
-(Feedback eMail, Toggle Background, etc)

(09.06.2014)
-Ver 1.2
-Implemented "Press Back Again to Exit" method... (Fix by David-Lee, must merge)

(09.03.2014)
-Ver 1.1.4
-Implemented "Press Back Again to Exit" method... (Doesn't work)
-Minor tweaks

(08.28.2014)
-Ver 1.1.3
-Add/Edit strings

(08.23.2014)
-Ver 1.1.2
-Added ActionBar instead of menu

(08.22.2014)
-Ver 1.1
-Added Spanish Translation (Using Google Translate,  so it might not be accurate)
-Updated minSDK version to 11 (Honeycomb) just to play around with the UI.
-Added permission INTERNET to try to incorporate cloud saves.
-Added a resized background for each resolution.

(08.14.2014)
-did a bit more work to strings.xml and incorporated the strings into java.
-changed icon and added background from Wikimedia Commons (I think that may help to avoid any copyright infringements).
-added colors.xml and began coloring shit.

(08.1.2014)
-Started from fresh fork
-added raw/blank_card
-added this README and GNU_GPLv3
-Edited strings.xml

------------------------------------------------------------------
|     David-Lee Kulsch
|      https://github.com/The1andONLYdave/PSone-Memory-Manager   |
|      based on work by neko68k                                  |
|      (http://github.com/neko68k/PSX-MC-Manager)                |
------------------------------------------------------------------
